Terms and Conditions

1. By using the website you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

2. You must be at least 13 years of age to use the website.

3. You are responsible for any activity that occurs under your user name.

4. You must provide accurate and complete information when you register for the website.

5. You may not share your account with anyone else.

6. You may not use the website for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.

7. You are solely responsible for your conduct, the content of your submissions, and your communications with others while using the website.

8. You must not modify, adapt, or hack the website or falsely imply that some other site is associated with the website.

9. You must not transmit any worms, viruses, or any code of a destructive nature.

10. You must not use the website in any way that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the website or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the website in any manner.

11. You must not attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ or attempt to access any service or area of the website that you are not authorized to access.

12. You must not use the website for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party.

13. You must not encourage or promote any illegal activity or violation of these Terms of Use.

14. You must not use the website to collect or store personal data about other users.

15. You must not use the website to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.

16. You must not use the website to take any action that could damage or adversely affect any third party, including without limitation, anyone else’s computer systems and networks.

17. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the website, or any other systems or networks connected to the website or to any server, computer, network, or service associated with the website, by hacking, password “mining”, or any other illegitimate means.

18. You must not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network associated with the website.

19. You must not use any device, software, or routine to interfere, or attempt to interfere, with the proper working of the website or any transaction conducted on the website, or with any other person’s use of the website.

20. You must not use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or processes to access, collect data, or other content from or otherwise interact with the website for any purpose.

21. You must not bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the website.

22. You must not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website or any of the systems or networks connected to the website.

23. You must not use the website in any manner that could lead to the encouragement, procurement, or carrying out of any illegal activity or any activity that violates the rights of others.

24. We may suspend or terminate your access to the website at any time, with or without cause, in our sole discretion.

25. We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. Any changes to these Terms of Use will be posted on the website.
